afternoon karina senate
in the academic area
and it was just
the delegate in the era of the paraná
anything
now is to celebrate
she is
for
gang
are they
man and he remains in office
each state
drinking of the year
until with him from there
he loves Paulo
let's see
carrying banding candles
water withdrawal
it's not everyone
your houses
only in 2008
how was it
in the career
at the height of the half moon
he will see
he will have to reverse
a married woman with an area man
even with the scoreboard
for her to do it
accumulating
improve
the concord
now it will enter the match
Diana
to remember the date
in the city
loco abreu haidar
Sunday the goalkeeper according to the position
like a good name
the law in this area
airport
even in my career
o ubs
Botafogo
since then it comes
do not lose
It's not for now and that's it.
O
no problem
he had taken a stone
free
every hour
the iranian
each councilor
truth
the defender henrique
two of them
Paulo
good time
plus more to support me
each machine
two-thirds of Members
the time has come
O
little by little the body
occupy the place
every public
with little
still
when he arrived
Kim jong-il
in the middle commented the commander
he enters the delegate chamber
1 not
the world
listen to the
free
the gazette of the people
will end braga
not worth the minimum of one year normal work